Doppel get modified remote data command (#53)
metron-labs/content: Packs/Doppel/ReleaseNotes/1_0_6.md

#### Integrations

##### Doppel

> - Implemented the get-modified-remote-data command, significantly improving update times from Doppel which previously took 5-10 minutes, now taking 40 seconds to 2 minutes at most.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Implemented the get-modified-remote-data command
- 
Significantly improved the incoming mirroring Incident update timing from 300-600 seconds to 40-120 seconds.
```
